What are you doing?
I was afraid that Mr. Sheng was uncomfortable and wanted to put him to bed to rest.
Wait a moment, you go out first, I will talk to Yun Lan,
Sheng Yunlan,
You don’t even know your brother?
They are nothing. Even his own brother shouted,
you. I don’t know where he, Sheng Yunqin, got his confidence from.
He also wanted to criticize me and ask me to pursue this lawless and royal career.
He is so good at talking about the power of King Yu that he laughs to death.
I see you never have to take you there
I want to study now
But don't worry
Absolutely no nonsense
You are not my sperm now
If Sheng Yunqi wants to harm you
You have to ask me for this one
Still want to seduce me
The character of this society